Mercury & Venus are the only 2 planets in our solar system that have no moons.
The hottest planet in our solar system is Venus.
Our solar system is 4.57 billion years old.
Enceladus, one of Saturn’s smaller moons, reflects 90% of the Sun’s light.
The highest mountain discovered is the Olympus Mons, which is located on Mars.
The Whirlpool Galaxy (M51) was the first celestial object identified as being spiral.
A light-year is the distance covered by light in a single year.
The Milky Way galaxy is 105,700 light-years wide.
The Sun weighs about 330,000 times more than Earth.
Because of lower gravity, a person who weighs 220 lbs on Earth would weigh 84 lbs on Mars.
There are 79 known moons orbiting Jupiter.
The Martian day is 24 hours 39 minutes and 35 seconds long.
Earth is the only planet not named after a God.
Due to the Sun and Moon’s gravitational pull, we have tides.
Pluto is smaller than the United States.
There are more volcanoes on Venus than any other planet in our solar system.
Uranus’ blue glow is due to the gases in its atmosphere.
In our solar system that are 4 planets known as gas giants: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus & Neptune.
Uranus has 27 moons that have been discovered so far.
Because of its unique tilt, a season on Uranus is equivalent to 21 Earth years.
Neptune’s moon, Triton, orbits the planet backwards.
There are more stars in space than there are grains of sand in the world.
Neptune takes nearly 165 Earth years to make one orbit of the Sun.
Pluto’s largest moon, Charon, is half the size of Pluto.
The International Space Station is the largest manned object ever sent into space.
A day on Pluto is lasts for 153.6 hours long.
Saturn is the second-largest planet in our solar system.
Any free-moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere.
Only 5% of the universe is visible from Earth.
Light travels from the Sun to the Earth in less than 10 minutes.
If you were driving at 75 miles per hour, it would take 258 days to drive around Saturn’s rings.
The International Space Station circles Earth every 92 minutes.
The closest galaxy to us is the Andromeda Galaxy – it’s estimated at 2.5 million light-years away.